what's going on everybody it's your boy
Raptor from dope visions gaming and
today we're playing some rocket League
this game just came out about six days
ago and let me tell you it's the most
addicting that I've ever played in
my entire life
but the point of today's video is we're
gonna be teaching you how to fly so I
just did a little bit of free play here
just to show you the basics so as you
can see here flying across the map is a
great way to score points to get control
of the ball so the way you want to do is
you want to tap X and as soon as you tap
X once you want to hold down your boost
and point your nose to the sky so the
easiest way to control it is to think
like you're flying a private jet I know
it sounds kind of weird because it's a
car but that's basically what you're
doing you're flying through the air at a
high rate of speed trying to hit the
ball and this is a great way to get a
jump on your opponents because a lot of
times you can hit the ball at a height
that they wouldn't be able to normally
so if you know this trick you can get an
advantage plus it could be a lot of fun
just flying around and doing tricks you
know you can do anything you can flip
you can Barrow all you can do all kinds
of stuff but the next thing I want to
show you a little bit about is the wall
jump now I don't know if anybody else is
doing this but I love to go up a wall
get halfway up jump and just fly across
the air just like this it can be kind of
hard to control sometimes but if you can
get it down it's a really good way to
hit the ball when it's bouncing real
high in the center of the map you can
take a lot of people by surprise and a
big part of getting wins in this game is
to be able to control the map control
the ball it will allow you to score way
more goals so here let me demonstrate it
for you so you go halfway up the wall
tap X once and then hit your boost
you go flying across the map I'm gonna
duck the commentary out real quick so
you can watch me demonstrate some of
these moves that I taught you and I'll
be right back
so another thing I want to keep teach
you guys how to do is to do a barrel
roll when you're doing this it's really
easy but it can be kind of difficult at
the same time so we'll choose your tap
backs your whole boost and then you
actually have to hold square at the same
time to stop you from turning in a way
that you don't want to turn so you tap X
hold that boost button and hold square
and if you get enough height like I
obviously didn't unless you do a pretty
easy barrel roll do the same thing off
the wall tap X half way up or grooves
hold square and you're gonna be turning
they should look like a missile it's
really cool that's gonna be all though
for me today guys I just wanted to give
you a couple tips to hopefully help step
your game up if you enjoyed the video
please leave the like to comment and
subscribe and I'll be sure to bring you
more and if you're ever looking for
somebody to play with you can add me on
the PlayStation 4 at raptor underscore
underscore DV this was your boy raptor
from dope visions gaming and youtube
we'll see you again soon is so dope